Update Overview and Key Features (#43)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-aws.ses: ballerina/Module.md

## Overview

> The AWS SES connector provides the capability to programatically handle [AWS SES](https://aws.amazon.com/ses/) related operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

[Amazon Simple Email Service (SES)](https://aws.amazon.com/ses/) is a cost-effective, flexible, and scalable email service that enables developers to send mail from within any application.

The AWS SES connector provides the capability to programmatically handle [AWS SES](https://aws.amazon.com/ses/) related operations.
```
